<!--title: Writing (not code) -->
I realized last night that I've been putting pressure on myself to get finished
results, so I can present them to my collaborators. But since research work is
rarely finished, the result is that I keep moving the goalposts and present only
when I have to (e.g., in a meeting). This conceals all the work I've been doing
and insulates me from useful feedback. So I decided to start sending daily
reports to my collaborators. I think this will be a great way to keep my own
thinking process going, too. I was way behind on this process, so, after my
usual reading (finished [NIST post-quantum standardization
document](https://csrc.nist.gov/publications/detail/nistir/8413/final)) and
breakfast with Emily and Libby, I arrived at the office and started writing up
what I'd done over the past week or so. It took a couple hours, but I was pretty
happy with the result, and in the process I figured out something I'd been stuck
on the previous day. Short version: I was using a hack to measure when a
quality measure had converged to optimal. Replacing the hack with something
slightly more principled gave cleaner results.

Went to lunch at Okenshields. Ran into a Keeton resident named Alisha who was
very curious about cryptography and asked me a bunch of questions. One
interesting but natural confusion was between authentication and encryption.
Then DC pulled up and we talked a bit about frisbee. Playing Pitt, one of the
best teams in the country, last semester had made a big impression on him. He
didn't think they did anything exceptional, but they were very consistent with
fundamentals--in handler defense, holding the around mark and preventing
upline cuts. This prevented easy resets and gave them a chance to make a play on
the disc. I've lately been pretty frustrated with our around marks and trying to
improve mine.

Back to the office, I thought a little bit more about the "next steps" ideas I'd
suggested in the report. One of them didn't really make sense. The other one
seemed like a really good idea, and easier to implement than I'd thought at
first. I sent a short follow-up, then went on a walk to catch the rare Ithaca
sun. Back, I started to implement the code. I'm getting a little bit better with
my ergonomic keyboard, but it's still a little tricky. At the end of the day, I
got caught up in some scheduling logistics. Noah was hoping for a research
meeting tomorrow, but it potentially conflicted with practice and our staff
meetup to schedule on-call. I floundered around a bit with too much context in
my head on the walk back to House Dinner, and finally managed to reschedule the
meeting so it at least didn't clobber the on-call meetup.

At Keeton, I
remembered at the last minute I'd agreed to set up the House Dinner slides and
ran down to do that. Then I breathed a big sigh of relief and grabbed some House
Dinner food. Really good today! Poblanos, grilled chicken, and some delicious
chipotle crema. Sat with Christian, one of the ACs; we talked about skiing and
undergrad classes and studying abroad. Said hi to some of my 3 North squad. I
left house dinner very full but with an inexplicable desire to play basketball.
So I stretched a bit and hit Noyes, where my 4-some scored an upset victory
against a more athletic looking squad. Played a game of 5s and narrowly lost.
Hit some good shots but need to attack the basket more.

Back at Keeton, wrote this log early in preparation for the midnight beginning
of "Varsha Day" (Varsha's birthday!) The plan is to meet Oli at his house at 11
and then drive to Monkey Run to drink chai in the beautiful, starry, freezing
cold. Very much my idea of a good time!
